Mabel, do you believe in ghosts.
I believe you're a big dork, ha ha!
Soos, Wendy.
- What's up, Mr. Pines?
- I'm heading out.
You two are gonna wash the bathrooms, right?
- Yes sir.
- Absolutely not.
You stay out of trouble.
Hey guys. What's this?
A secret ladder to the roof?
I don't think Mr. Pines would like that.
You're freaking me out dude.
- Can we actualy go up there?
- Sure we can.
- Rooftime! Rooftime!
- Alright, check it out.
- Woah, cool!
Did you put all these stuff up here?
I may or may not sneak up here
during work all the time, every day.
Yesss!
- Alright.
- Me first.
Jackpot! Highfive.
Don't leave me hanging.
Hey, it's my friends.
Wendy!
You guys aren't gonna tell Stan
about this, are you?
Later dorks.
Let's get out of here!
Later Wendy!
Good times.
- What?
- Somebody's in love!
Yeah, right. I just think
Wendy is cool, okay?
It's not like I lay awake at
night thinking about her.
Gravity Falls
Episode 5 - Inconveniencing
We're having a party for no reason!
Go! Go! Go!
- Dipper.
- What? Yes, yes.
- Aren't you gonna get in on this?
- I don't realy dance.
Yeah, you do. Mom used to dress him
up in a lamb costume and make him do..
The lamby dance.
- Now is not the time to talk about the lammy dance.
- Lamb costume?
Wow, is there like little ears and
a tail or..
Dipper would prance around
and sing a song about grazing.
Hey, look at that.
Quitting time, the gang is waiting for me.
Hey, wait. Maybe I could
we could come with you.
Uhh, I don't know. My friends
are prety intense.
How old did you guys say you are?
We're thirteen, so technically a teen.
Allright, I like your moxy kid.
Let me get my stuff.
Since when are we thirteen?
Is this a leap year?
Come on Mable. This is our chance to
hang out with, you know, the cool kids.
- And Wendy and whatever.
- I knew it!
You love her!
Love love love love love!
- Oh hey what's that?
- Huh?
- Hurry up!
- In the belly! In the belly!
- Wendy!
- Wendy! Wendy!
Hey guys. These are my pals from
work - Mabel and Dipper.
I chewed my gum so it looks like a brain.
She's not much for the first impressions.
Unlike this guy.
This guy..
So are you like babysitting or?
Come on, Robbie. Guys,
this is Lee and Nee.
- Tambry.
- Haa..
- Thompson who once ate a rotten waffle for 50 cents.
- Don't tell them that.
And Robbie. You can probably figure him out.
Yeah. I'm the guy who spray painted the watertower.
- Aw, you mean the big muffin.
- Um, it's a giant explosion.
Kinda does look like a muffin.
Let's hurry it up, guys.
I've got big plans for tonight.
Sorry kid, I'll ride shotgun, alright?
Okay, just before we go,
my mom said you guys
aren't allowed to punch
the roof anymore, so..
Thompson! Thompson! Thompson!
Ты воняешь.
Ты хорошо сегодня выглядишь.
- This is gonna blow someone's mind!
- Mabel, please.
What? Am I embarassing you in front of your new
GIRLFRIEND
Did you just lick my hand?
You're watching black and white
period piece old lady broing movie channel.
Kids! I can't find the remote and I refuse to stand up!
Stay tuned for the friday
night movie
"The Duchess approves" starring Sturly
Stembleburgiss as the Duchess
and Grampton St. Rumterfabble as
a raciafal coxway Saunterblugget Hampterfuppinshire
Kids!
No! Nooo!
There it is fellas.
The condemned dusk2dawn.
- Neato! Awesome!
- Why did they shut it down?
- It's like healthcode violation or..
- Try murder.
Some folks died in there.
The place has been haunted ever since.
This town has such a colourful history!
What? Are you guys serious?
Yeah! We all gonna die!
Chill out man. It's not as
bad as it looks.
- Come on Dipper.
- Haha, okay.
Just just gotta get a foothold.
Dude, your sister did it.
Hey, you know what?
Just there you go.
- Sorry dude.
- Good job throwing a kid off the fence genius.
Your mom's a genius.
This place is amazing!
- Think it's, it's stuck.
- Let me take a crack at it.
- Aw yeah. I can't get in, but I'm sure Junior
here's gonna break it down like Hercules.
Come on, leave him alone.
He's just a little kid.
Hey, what are you doing?
Go Dipper! Punch that metal thing!
Hey, Dipper. Take it easy.
Who wants to bet he doesn't make it?
Haha, awesome.
- Good call inviting this little maniac.
- Your new name is Doctor Funtimes.
All right. Cool.
Nice work.
- Do you guys realy think it's haunted?
- Naah.
- Thompson, are you kidding me?
- Come on, shut up man.
Look at this place. No way.
Wow, what is this? Check it out.
Hoho, man. It's even creepier than
I imagined.
Yup, it's dust.
- Dude, where do you think they keep the dead bodies?
- Shut up man.
Guys check it out.
You think these still work?
Nice. Cool.
Unbelievable.
Jackpot.
- So what are we gonna do now?
- Anything we want?
Put them in, put them in.
Three at a time, three at a time.
Ohmygosh.
Smile dip!
I thought this stuff was banned in America!
Maybe they had a good reason.
- Take a mirror man, we gotta ready.
- Whatever it is, I'll do it!
Thompson! Dipper, this night is like legendary.
- Realy?
- Just look around! The guys are bonding.
I've never even seen Tambry look up from her
phone this long.
And your sister seems to be going
nuts with that smile dip.
Maybe I've had too much.
What do you think?
Do you like to eat my candy paws?
Of course you little angel.
You know Dipper. I wasn't sure if you
can hang out with our crew at first.
- but you're suprisingly mature for your age.
- Yes. Yes I am.
Hey guys! We need more ice!
I'm on it!
What was that? Thought I
heard some lady screaming.
- You freaking out kid?
- Em, no.
- No, I'm cool. Everything's cool.
- Then what's all this about?
Oh, that's.. Em..
Hey look! Dancy pants revolution!
The game that tricks people into excercising.
All right, let's go.
Yeah, let's all go play that.
Dance! Hurry up!
Go! Go! Go!
- Wow, he's realy terrible at this.
- Yeah, yeah. That's great.
I'll be right back.
Come on grunkle Stan, pick up!
Oh, what is he doing?
I don't care about dukes or comonners
or his royal highness linell of conwoll
I'm not afraid anymore, mother.
- Duchess, I forbid you.
- I may be a duchess.
But I'm also a woman!
Yes! Yes! In your face Elizabeth!
It's just like my life.
In a way.
Mabel, I need your advice.
We're hanging out in a haunted
convinient store, I can't
get a hold of grunkle Stan
and if I try to say anything
about it to any of these guys,
they'll just think I'm a scared
little kid or something!
Mabel?
Future is in the past! Onward sailshoma!
Mabel?! How many of these did you eat?
Pleven.. teen..
Oh man..
Oh man, oh man, oh man..
Woah, guys. You might wanna see this.
What the heck?
Wow, then the rumours are true.
- Dude, tear you to lie down in it.
- Good idea, go lie down in it.
Huh, I'm a dead body, look.
Wait! Maybe let's not do that.
This guy is scaared.
All I'm saying is why tempt the fate?
I mean, what if this place realy is..
haunted?
- Eh, just take it down a notch Captain Buzzkill.
- But I thought I was Doctor Funtimes.
Well, you're acting like Captain Buzzkill, right?
Yeah, little bit.
Status update: Traped in store with
insane nine year old.
I'm not a nine year old! I'm thirteen!
Technically a teen!
Status update: Aaaaah!
Tambry! Tambry!
Can you hear us?
- What are we supposed to do?
- I don't know man, I don't know!
Let's just go already.
- Thompson!
- Wait, I almost got the highscore.
- What?
- Time to shake what your momma gave you!
- No! Help! So manny arrows!
- You're a dance machine!
No, you're a dance machine!
- Oh no!
- Thompson!
Forget him, let's go!
What the? Guys, it's locked!
Out of my way!
Everybody wait! Whatever is doing this
must have some kind of reason.
Maybe if we could just figure out what it is,
then they let us out of here.
Uh, they let us out of here.
Yeah, that makes a lot of sense.
I don't know guys,
maybe he's got a point.
Yeah, right. I'm sure the ghost just wants
to talk about his feelings.
What?
I'm bonkers free to eat you alive!
Lee!
Okay, okay. I'm with you kid.
100% man.
Weeeelcooome.
They got Mabel!
Welcome to your graves,
young trespassers.
We're supersorry for
hanging out in your store!
- Yeah, can we just go
now and leave forever?
Well, okay. You're free to go.
But before you leave,
hotdogs are now half off.
I know this might be crazy,
but you gotta try these dogs.
Just kidding about the hotdog sale!
- Just let us out of here already!
- I don't like your tone!
No! No!
What? No! I'm a hotdog!
It begins!
Welcome to your home for all eternity!
- What do we do?
- Duck!
Quick! In there!
- What do they want from us?
- Revenge I guess?
- What did we do wrong?
- Okay, let's try to figure out a pattern here.
Why was each person taken? Tambry was texting,
Thompson was playing a videogame,
Lee was being sarcastic.
It doesn't make any sense.
Yeah, I mean. Those are all
just normal teenage things.
Wendy, say that last part again.
- Normal teengae things.
- Of course!
Stay here untill I get back!
Dude, what are you doing?
Hey ghost!
I've got something to tell you!
I'm not a teenager!
Well, why didn't you say so?
- How old did you say you were?
- I'm..
I'm twelve. Technically not a teen.
When we were alive, teenagers
were a scourge at our store.
Always satufracing customers with their
boomy boxes and disrespectful short pants.
So we decided to up and ban them. But they
retaliated with this new fanglords rap music.
The lyrics, they were so hateful.
Homework's wack and so are rules,
Tacking in your shirts for fools.
Nooo!
It was so shocking, we were stricken
down by a double heart attack
That's why we hate teenagers so much.
Don't we honey?
But they are my friends. Isn't there anything
I can do to help them?
There is one thing
Do you know any funny little dances?
- Is there anything else I can do?
- Noooo!
Okay, okay, okay!
Um.. Well..
I do know the lamby lamby dance.
B-but I can't realy do it, without a lamb costume.
Oh, well. There it is.
Weell. Who wants a lamby, lamby, lamby?
I do! I do!
So go up and greet your mammy, mammy, mammy!
Hi there! Hi there!
- March march march around the daisies!
- Yes, yes! More! More!
Don't don't don't you forget about the baby!
That was some fine girly dancing boy.
Your friends are free.
Well, I don't think you have to worry about
us coming back, so..
I'm not gonna eat or do anything ever again.
- Hey, there's still some left.
- Evil!
What.. What happened after
everythign went crazy?
You are not going to believe it!
Ghosts appeared and Dipper had to..
Dipper just grabed a bat and just started
beating ghost down, left and right.
And then the ghost got all scared
wayed away like a couple of little girls.
- It was insane.
- No way.
Well, I'm probably scared for life.
Yeah, that was prety crazy.
Think I'm gonna stare at the wall for a while
and rething everything.
Hey, next time we hang out,
let's stay at the Mystery Shack, okay?
Next time? Yeah, yeah!
Let's hand out at the shack!
Next time.
What kind of sick joke is this?
Ah, the wedding. I've waited so long for this.
Oh look at her in that dress.
Count Lionell? What's he doing here?
I've come to reclaim my bride.
- You had your chance at the cottilion, you!
That's what I'm saying!
Couldn't find the remote